Update README (#147)
tetratelabs/wazero: README.md

another language that targets Wasm, such as Rust.

```golang
func main() {
	// Read WebAssembly binary.
	source, _ := os.ReadFile("fibonacci.wasm")
	// Decode the binary as WebAssembly module.
	mod, _ := binary.DecodeModule(source)
	// Initialize the execution environment called "store" with Interpreter-based engine.
	store := wasm.NewStore(wazeroir.NewEngine())
	// Instantiate the decoded module.
	store.Instantiate(mod, "test")
	// Execute the exported "fibonacci" function from the instantiated module.
	ret, _, err := store.CallFunction("test", "fibonacci", 20)
	// Give us the fibonacci number for 20, namely 6765!
	fmt.Println(ret[0])
}
```

## Status

wazero is an early project, so APIs are subject to change until version 1.0.

There's the concept called "engine" in wazero (which is a word commonly used in Wasm runtimes). Engines are responsible for compiling and executing WebAssembly modules.
There are two types of engines are available for wazero, and you have to choose one of them to use wazero runtime:

> 1. _Interpreter_: a naive interpreter-based implementation of Wasm virtual machine. Its implementation doesn't have any platform (GOARCH, GOOS) specific code, threfore _interpreter_ engine can be used for any compilation target available for Go.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. _Interpreter_: a naive interpreter-based implementation of Wasm virtual machine. Its implementation doesn't have any platform (GOARCH, GOOS) specific code, therefore _interpreter_ engine can be used for any compilation target available for Go (such as `arm64`).
```

However _theoretically speaking_, this project have the potential to compete with these state-of-the-art JIT-style runtimes. The rationale for that is it is well-know that [CGO is slow](https://github.com/golang/go/issues/19574). More specifically, if you make large amount of CGO calls which cross the boundary between Go and C (stack) space, then the usage of CGO could be a bottleneck.

> Since we can do JIT compilation purely in Go, this runtime could be the fastest one for some usecases where we have to make large amount of CGO calls (e.g. Proxy-Wasm host environment, or request-based plugin systems).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since we can do JIT compilation purely in Go, this runtime could be the fastest one for some use cases where we have to make large amount of CGO calls (e.g. Proxy-Wasm host environment, or request-based plugin systems).
```
